---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

Lessons from The Cathedral and the Bazaar part 2: 

"Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away."

I find this quote really interesting when it comes to understanding elegance in coding. Often what people think about when they refer to clean code may not necessarily be the best solution, or even the most clever solution, but instead, often good coders are judged by the simplicity of their code, and this quote really embodies that philosophy. We are taught at the beginning of our computer science careers that coding is really just a series of instructions and steps the computer needs to follow. Often the simplicity of what we are asking to do is lost in translation, but the best coders always manage to keep that idea of clear and simple, non-reducible steps alive. 

"Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong."

This quote speaks towards understanding the problem and how to approach it best. Often what is most difficult about finding a solution is not necessarily the solution itself, but perception of the problem. This quote speaks towards rather than working towards simply a solution to a problem, rather understanding that rethinking how the problem works and how to approach it can often yield better results. I think it's always important to fully understand what you have to do, and what the constraints are in order to fully understand how to do something. 

My Personal Favorite Lesson: 

"Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch."

I know it's kind of cheesy to pick the first lesson, and to talk about this lesson again, but I seriously think that good software development, much like good anything in this world, relies on passion. People don't often do things simply because they want to. This is the real world. But those that do, often succeed. I never underestimate the impact good old fashioned willpower can have. 

Contributions towards the team project: 

This week, we finally worked towards a larger group project that we are going to work on together, and it's pretty interesting! We're going to contribute learning materials to freeCodeCamp, and honestly, if things work out, it would be pretty cool to know that there are hundreds, if not thousands of eyes out there reading something I wrote. Besides that, I also took on another one of the code editing issues, and it feels good to contribute and submit PR's. Honestly I haven't felt this happy about coding something in a while... I hope it lasts. 
