---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

Open Source:
When I hear the term "open source", I think of things that are free to use and created by not a specific creator/developer, but rather created and modified by a variety of people, whoever wants to contribute. Advantages of open source: more eyes, zero cost, has better ability to be modded/adapted. Disadvantages: No singular vision, less accountability, less funded. I decided to register for a class about open source software development because I was interested in trying to code more and create practical tools/useful projects instead of analyzing algorithms/doing classwork. The interesting part of computer science to me is when I get to work and create things that I have some creative leeway in making, not class assignments replicating already existing tools/algorithms. I also think that creating open source software is interesting, and being part of a project is interesting. 

Projects:
1. Wikipedia: The world's open source encyclopedia. Not much to say about this one, pretty much everybody has used wikipedia to some extent, and I'm a college student, so it's pretty much my bible. It's extremely useful for searching up information about things you don't know. Some alternatives are Encyclopedia Britannica, and Project Gutenberg.
2. Ublock Origin: Adblock tool, extension for many browsers, my browser of choice is Google Chrome, and Ublock helps me avoid annoying pop-up advertisements, as well as preventing me going to dangerous sites. Alternatives: Adblock Plus, browsers with built in adblock, not having adblock.
3. Linux: Can you talk about open source without talking about Linux? This open-source operating system has become many a programmer's operating system of choice, due to its customizability, and open source nature. I don't use Linux personally, but I enjoy the fact that it exists, and if I ever do decide to go off of windows for a PC build, I'd go straight to Linux. Alternatives: Windows, MACOSX. 
4. Android: Although much of the software run on top of android (Google Software) isn't open source, the platform itself is an open source operating system for mobile devices. I've only ever really used android devices. Alternatives: iOS


This text should be replaced by your first post. 

The easiest way to make your first post is to edit this one. 
Go into /_posts/ and update the 2018-01-28-week01.md file. 
