---
layout: post
title: Week 9 (We're back!)
---

It's been a while since the last blog post, thanks to a relaxing spring break, but it's good to finally be back! Since the last post, things have changed a bit, the project that I had originally wanted to work on (Habitica) has bit the dust, thanks to lack of popularity, on the plus side, I now am a part of the FreeCodeCamp team, which is a project that is also exciting to work on. As far as contributions go, I am sad to report that currently I have not made any, since the team had just met for the first time last wednesday. We are currently working to find issues that are beginner friendly, and I am working to see what issues fit my skill-set and ability. I am hoping to start working on one soon!

Wikipedia: This week, we talked about wikipedia in class. I think that Wikipedia is an amazing example of the type of project that doesn't seem possible on paper, but when put into action, shows that open source is extremely powerful. I think that the success of wikipedia has to do with the type of people who contribute: those who are extremely knowledgable about their fields and that wish to share their knowledge with others. Given that we will have a chance to contribute to wikipedia this semester, I am hoping to work on pages related to video games, which I have a lot of niche knowledge about (especially video game history). I am hoping that somewhere there is an article about something that I will be able to contribute to! 

I think that the Birth of Wikipedia video was very interesting looking at how Wikipedia came to be, some things that have changed was that its no longer 600,000 articles, but way more (almost 530 million!), and instead of being just a top 50 website its a top 5 website! It's amazing to see how Wikipedia has grown in such a short period of time, and that the tools that the creator had envisioned for the sharing of wikipedia has not only come to fruition, but the rapid evolution of both storage and data in the world of technology has managed to put wikipedia at the fingertips of nearly every person in the world. I only wonder what's next for Wikipedia in the future, but I have no doubts in my mind that it will be amazing!