---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

In week 6, we talked about Humanitarian Free Open Source Software (HFOSS) in class, and I think it is an interesting topic to touch on, especially when considering the power of FOSS, and how it can be used for good. In terms of getting involved in HFOSS, personally I think in my opinion, it can be a bit daunting to get involved with HFOSS work because the software you're building will actually effect lives greatly. For example, if I'm working on a HFOSS project to detect earthquakes or something, and it turns out that something I programmed has a bug, and it causes the death of many people, I'm not sure if that's something that I would want to be responsible for. On the other hand, working for a HFOSS allows people who enjoy their work to have impact to be able to truly have an impact and to help people. In that sense, it is a double edged sword. In terms of prestige, I think that that is something that will vary depending on who is looking, and what type of experience they are looking for. To some, working on a small HFOSS project is less prestigious than working on a huge FOSS project like linux, but to others, it may be seen as working towards a good cause, and exemplifying the very best of computer science. Ultimately, for me, I feel like I wouldn't be a good candidate for working on HFOSS, since I don't want to be responsible for something that can be damaging to people if implemented incorrectly, and furthermore, when it comes to open source, what interests me is working on something that I am a user for, and being able to use my knowledge of the project as a user to really figure out what changes I want made and how I can improve the porject as a whole, and I'm not sure that HFOSS is really about that, because it is more about a greater social impact than the whims of any individual user. 

Project Evaluation Link: 
