---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

Week 15 Special: Open Source Meetup!

Today, (or yesterday, depending on how you look at it, since this blog is going to be posted at ungodly hours), I went to the open source meetup suggested by Joanna, alongside many of my other classmates. The primary focus of the meetup was to talk about careers in open source, specifically how to break through, what to expect, and just general information about what it's like for open source in the industry. In general, I feel like the talks were very interesting, with speakers who had varying backgrounds, some people were on the OSI board, others worked for big companies like Digital Ocean, or Salesforce, and many were not engineers, or had little engineering background as well. I think having such a diverse group of people really helped me understand that open source as an industry can employ a wide variety of people, and much like traditional jobs, they require people from all walks of life to be successful. However I think the most interesting part was learning more about what being part of the open source community is really like. After working online on open source, I never really was able to put a face towards everything I worked on, and now it's kind of comforting and amazing to see that in reality, yes there are real people who care about and want to work on open source, and that's really cool.

As for the presentations themselves, I think I really learned a lot about what the industry is like. It's very different in the way that there are a lot of things to consider, such as balancing work, what type of open source projects to work on, and what kind of skillsets are required to work in open source. I also think that it requires a certain type of person, somebody who truly believes in the idea of open source, in order to become somebody who works in the industry. You can't really just be in it for money or anything else. So many of the speakers talked about what drew them to open source, and I think that background and passion is what fuels the fire for many of the people who do work in open source today. Furthermore, being part of open source means committing yourself to the communities that open source represents. You really have to buy in if you want to be part of the process. It's not just a job, but its also sort of cultish, in the way that it's kind of a way of life as well. All of these were things I never realized because I never touched on the more human aspects of open source. 

Finally I think that what I enjoyed the most about the event was how genuine everybody really seemed to be. The people that were there really seemed like they wanted to be there, and wanted to spread their knowledge to people who were willing to listen. It really is amazing to see how like-minded people can gather and do something amazing... And that really does embody the whole idea of open source right? It was also my first technology event, but I do hope that it's not my last.  