---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

Difference between the cathedral model and the bazaar model: 

The way I would describe the difference between the cathedral model and the bazaar model would be that the cathedral model is open source development such that the source code is released to the public, but that the development is only done by select developers that work with the code base. The bazaar model is much more similar to what we see used in open source github projects, where both the source code is available to users, and development is also open to users as well if they want to contribute. 

My Two Favorite Lessons:

Of the ninteeen lessons expressed in the piece, I think the ones that resonate with me the most are lesson 1 and 18, which are very similar. I picked 1 because I feel like the most important thing when it comes to computer science is personal interest. In fact, it is that exact thing that led me to switch majors in the first place to computer science, because I realized all the amazing things that can be done with coding, and how much fun it is to solve problems along the way. Lesson 18 is much in the same vein. Often coding can be a slog, especially when solving problems that don't seem interesting to the developer. But once you find a problem that is interesting to solve, then coding becomes fun, and no longer a chore. 

Free vs. Open:

I think the idea of free vs. open is an important concept to many people interested in both types of software. Free in particular seems to be a concept that essentially refers to software that is not only free in terms of cost, and open, but also software that exemplifies freedom in the traditional sense, almost like the freedom that our forefathers were fighting for in the Revolutionary War. Freedom to run, study, change, and redistribute. Open source software means software in which you can look at the source code, which is less strict than that of free software. A way to look at it is that all free software is open source, but not all open source software is free software. The real difference is that free software is almost ideological in the way it's represented. It's a cause, and something important, almost like a mission. 

Personal Progress:

I finally made my first PR on freecodecamp! It's very exciting haha! Although it's somoething really small (removing quotes from code that doesn't need it), I still think its cool to have contributed and done something :) I hope this is the beginning of more to come! Next week will be looking for more to work on! 